

simulations.py will live in /scripts/linux/tests/

do not change any existing scripts, files or directories in here. just create:
/scripts/linux/tests/simulations.py

it is a command line program which will run the linux commands we currently run in these test/simulation scripts.

It will also handle checking for any prerequisite python module or linux program, setup or configuration which is required
and then if anything is missing, installing and/or configuring that, specifically for an internal/external test/simulation host.

it will have a --setup argument. when this is present anywhere in the args, it will first check for all prerequisites and required
setup/config, creation of dirs or files or permission modifications or whatever. if anything is missing or not correct, it will be
installed and everything made correct. the user can always invoke --setup.
look at what the internal and external test/simulation host install scripts do and combine that.
we will do the same setup for an internal or external test/simulation host now.

simulations.py will also take these arguments for running the internal tests/simulations:

--internal-tor - simulate outbound tor activity from an intenal test host

--internal-crypto - simulate outbound crypto-mining activity from an intenal test host

--internal-scammer - simulate outbound scammer remote control activity from an intenal test host

--internal-password - simulate outbound passwords in the clear from an intenal test host

--internal-all - run all outbound simulations from an internal test host

for the first verion, keep it simple and do not support any variations of the commands for the
simulations but you may abstract out any obvious values such as a hostname into some constant
variables defined at the top of the program.

the program will also take the following arguments for running external tests/simulations:

--external-scan - simulate inbound port-scanning activity from an external test host

--external-all - run all inbound simulations from an external test host

give this program nice output which includes nice unicode emojis. inform the user of each significant step in the execution with liberal use of unicode emojis.
after issuing a simulation command but before any possible output, print "- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -"
when there is no output at all from the command for a simulation, print <NO-OUTPUT-RESULTED>.
after any possible output, again print "- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -".

print blank lines between before each major phase of the program execution so the STDOUT is easy to read.

Do not change any readme files yet. just make this new python program which will eventually replace all these scripts in this /scripts/linux/tests/ dir.
